---
description: >-
  Here is a list of timestamps for this meeting (the links are external). Please
  advise if I have misheard, misattributed or misinterpreted any content
---

# 7th April, 2021, NFT-DAO General Meeting

## 7th April, 2021, NFT-DAO General Meeting

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnVupMQtjp4" caption="" %}

Note: timestamps are external links

## Beginning of Fund 5 - [0.02](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4) - Tyler Wales

| Present |
| :--- |
| Rich Kopcho |
| Tyler Wales |
| Troy Egan |
| Dan Verowski |
| New MIndflow |
| Philip Roberts |
| Stephen Rowan |

> Philip introduced Patrick to Yagi - [0.44](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=44) - **Philip Roberts**

## Growth Update - [1.16](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=76) - Tyler Wales

> We have seen a lot of growth since the funding process started :

|  |  |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Discord community** | 296 Members |
| **Airtable form** | 36 People signed up |
| **Artist Registrations for the first auction** | 22 Artists |
| **Developers signed up via Airtable form** | 11 Developers |
| **Email list** | 387 Subscribers |
| **Twitter** | 292 Followers |

> We hope to accelerate this growth, looking at things like policy scripts \(process logic\) and wireframes \(interface design\)
>
> We are on track but need to pick up the pace.
>
> Make sure we are actively removing silos in our various workflows \(marketing, governance\).
>
> Make extra effort to be as transparent as we can with each other.

## Product Update - [3.11](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=191) - Tyler Wales

> Deliver completed mock-ups to Yagi for branding, get some colours figured out.
>
> Put together basic prototype flowchart \(without colours\)
>
> Hopefully we will have a polished product for the MVP

## Token Minting - [4.16](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=256) - Dan Verowski

> Issues with minting token on Daedalus, problems with the CLI \(command line interface\)
>
> Created small visual for comparison of NFT with Ethereum \(for Twitter post\)

![](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/828670554793705473/829437682924650626/Screenshot_2021-04-07_at_21.28.58.png?width=948&height=559)

> Working with Jonathan Looney to create first mock-ups for wireframes.

## Artist Outreach - [5.28](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=328) - New Mindflow

> Contacted Artists, including African Artists who have some good potential to create some quality works.
>
> Working on Color Schemes / Graphics for the Launch Page of the Auction MVP \(Minimum Viable Product\)

![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/823295651323576340/828280570365739058/Akkadia-Zelda_Font.jpg)

![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/823295651323576340/828280617384017920/Akkadia-Monad_Font.jpg)

![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/823295651323576340/828280651647680533/Akkadia-Dubtronic_Font.jpg)

![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/823295651323576340/828280683507089418/Akkadia-Bernal_Font.jpg)

> Produced video to celebrate getting funded
>
> Andy produced a meme as well :

![](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/815326844131606569/828498932178878474/DAO_GifV04.gif)

## Token Minting reprise - [6.49](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=409) - Tyler Wales, Dan Verowski

> In Slack channel The Ancient Kraken had minted an NFT-DAO test token - **Tyler Wales**
>
> On GitHub Troy mentioned **Triaging** the expertise level - **Dan Verowski**
>
> **Summary** : Maybe we could have two tokens for each HOLON ...

* An **internal token** \(collected by those eligble for voting on HOLON decisons\) and, 
* an **external token** \( collected by individuals outside the HOLON\)

> **Context** :

{% embed url="https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/issues/28\#issuecomment-814962236" caption="" %}

> Now raised as a separate Issue :

{% embed url="https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/issues/37" caption="" %}

### Can we use Yoroi wallet for token minting ? - [9.20](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=560) - Rich Kopcho

{% embed url="https://yoroi-wallet.com/\#/" caption="" %}

> Not sure if Yoroi wallet supports Native Multiple Assets yet- [9.25](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=565) - **Dan Verowski, Tyler Wales**
>
> Answer : Yoroi wallet does not currently support tokens

{% embed url="https://yoroi-wallet.com/\#/faq/5" caption="" %}

### Can we get a visual diagram of how "Triaging" tokens works ? - [9.59](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=599) - **Tyler Wales**

> Governance token distribution model is a Fund 3 Milestone - would be good to give this back to the community.
>
> Graphic now produced :

![Community Governance Pilot](../.gitbook/assets/nft-dao-community-governance-pilot.jpg)

**Reference** : Fund 3 Deliverable Milestones \(Gov-HOLON\)

{% embed url="https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/milestone/2" caption="" %}

## Governance HOLON Update  - [10.38](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=638) - **Troy Egan**

### Progress reports

> Getting ready for **progress reports** which Rich Kopcho will be starting next week.

| - | - |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Item** | Getting ready for **progress reports** |
| **Data** |  |
| **Action** | In Progress |
| **Dates** | Due: 15th April 2021 |
| **HOLON** | Gov-HOLON |

> We will be handing reports to D? -

| - | - |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Item** | We will be handing reports to D? |
| **Data** |  |
| **Action** | In Progress |
| Dates | Due: 15th April 2021 |
| HOLON | Troy / Rich Kopcho |

### Reporting template

> Getting a template ready for that so we understand the reporting process

| - | - |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Item** | Reporting process template. |
| _\*Data_ |  |
| **Action** | In Progress |
| Dates | Due: 15th April 2021 |
| HOLON | Gov-HOLON |

### HOLON Reporting

> Also how to receive reports from within the HOLONs

| - | - |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Item** | Reports from within the HOLONs. |
| **Data** |  |
| **Action** | To Do |
| **Dates** | TBA |
| HOLON | Gov-HOLON |

### Business Analysis

> Intial Business Analysis - Hope to have the draft finalised by next week. Which will give us an outline of our market/competition.

| - | - |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Item** | Intial Business Analysis. |
| **Data** |  |
| **Action** | In Progress |
| **Dates** | Due: 15th April 2021 |
| **HOLON** | Sev, Hud |

### Token Minting Test

> Token Minting Test - [11.51](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=711) - **Troy Egan, Dan Verowski**
>
> Goal to get a contribution token minted and up and running in a two week timeframe. **The Ancient Kraken** and **Hud** are also interested in getting involved. Anyone else working in the Token Minting community who is interested should contact **Dan Verowski**.
>
> **Dan Verowski** will contact **The Ancient Kraken** and **Hud**.

| - | - |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Item** | Token Minting Test |
| **Data** | [Project Board](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/projects/5) |
| **Action** | In Progress |
| **Dates** | Due: 23rd April 2021 |
| **HOLON** | Dan Verowski |

### Business Plan

> Business Plan - [12.43](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=763) - **Troy Egan, Stephen Rowan**
>
> Stephen Rowan working on decomposing the Business Plan

| - | - |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Item** | Business Plan Decomposition |
| **Data** | [Project Board](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/projects/3) |
| **Action** | In Progress |
| **Dates** | Due: 23rd April 2021 |
| **HOLON** | Stephen Rowan |

### NFT-DAO Mission Statement

> NFT-DAO Mission Statement - [13.05](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=785) - **Troy Egan**
>
> To give us a clearer idea of the sources and directions of our ideas and processes.

| - | - |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Item** | NFT-DAO Mission Statement |
| **Data** | - |
| **Action** | In Progress |
| **Dates** | Due: 23rd April 2021 |
| **HOLON** | Gov-HOLON |

### NFT-DAO Charter

> NFT-DAO Charter - [13.24](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=804) - **Troy Egan**
>
> Already been put out into the community for contribution and review. Changed name from manifesto to charter early on after feedback from **New Mindflow**.
>
> Building out a document structure of 1-3 pages \([GitHub Review Copy](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/blob/main/05-Our-Values/Documents/Charter/Draft-Charter.md)\)
>
> **Rich** - this is drawn from the "Genesis Document" \([GitHub Copy](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/blob/main/13-Our-Appendix/Documents/2021-02-03-Genesis-Document.md)\). Also sourced from [The Holonic Enterprise as a Collaborative Information Ecosystem](http://theimpactinstitute.org/Projects/FIPA/Holonic-Enterprise-Final.pdf) and [Sample DAO Charter - Alexander Kuzmin](https://medium.com/token-suisse/sample-dao-charter-c59f5396ceea).

| - | - |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Item** | NFT-DAO Charter |
| **Data** | [Project Board](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/projects/4), [Milestones](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/milestone/3) |
| **Action** | In Progress |
| **Dates** | Due: 22th April 2021 |
| **HOLON** | Gov-HOLON |

> What is the timeline of the charter ? - [14.05](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=845) - **Rich Kopcho / Troy Egan**
>
> **Deadline**: Reschedule to 22nd April 2021 \(Was two weeks from 1st April 2021\)
>
> **Rich** will aim to have something ready for Gov-HOLON - week beginning 19th April 2021.
>
> [GitHub Reschedule Comment](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/issues/29#issuecomment-816634615)

### Gov-HOLON Meeting

> Gov-HOLON Meeting Discussions - [14.42](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=882) - **Troy Egan**

* **Minute Taking Rota** - so not on all on the shoulders of one person
* **Meeting Chair Rota** - so not on all on the shoulders of one person - **Tyler Wales**
* **FOSS repositories** \(GitHub\) what should be public or private ? - **Stephen Rowan**

Reference : README message in "Governance-HOLON Vault" Private repository

> Scope
>
> This repository should only contain :
>
> * Draft work to be migrated to the LIVE Governance-HOLON repository
> * Commercially or strategically sensitive information.
> * Confidential information \(but please avoid posting personal data here\).

* **White Paper** - Unsure about timeframe, priority, deadline. As it is a more in-depth document. - **Troy Egan**

  > Anyone wishing to contribute should contact Gov-HOLON.

> Draft White paper currently located in samepage. Requires input from Development at some point.

## GitHub Overview  - [17,02](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=1022) - **Stephen Rowan**

> Beginning the process of open sourcing as per Fund 3 proposal commitments.
>
> We currently have 4 Gov-HOLON projects \([Gov-HOLON Project List](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/projects)\) on the public [Governance-HOLON](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON) repository.
>
> Aiming to transfer Gov-HOLON deliverables to GitHub Project Boards, then break these down further into tasks \(GitHub Issues\) and then allocate Issues to HOLON members.
>
> This week Gov-HOLON had its first community call-out on Discord as an experiment to see how GitHub Issues might work. Starting with the Issue [Draft NFT-DAO Charter \#29](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/issues/29).
>
> Currently building project dashboards on the [Governance-HOLON](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON) landing page for people not familiar with GitHub.

### Open-Source recognition

> Began with Open-Source recognition criteria :

| - | - |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Item** | Open-Source recognition |
| **Data** | [Project Board](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/projects/1), [Milestones](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/milestone/1) |
| **Action** | In Progress |
| **Dates** | Due: 30th April 2021 |
| **HOLON** | Gov-HOLON, Stephen Rowan |

### NFT DAO Fund 3 Deliverables

> Then NFT DAO Fund 3 Deliverables :

| - | - |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Item** | NFT DAO Fund 3 Deliverables |
| **Data** | [Project Board](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/projects/2), [Milestones](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/milestone/2) |
| **Action** | In Progress |
| **Dates** | No due date |
| **HOLON** | Gov-HOLON, Stephen Rowan |

### Business-Plan-Decomposition

> Then a functional breakdown of the Business Plan into organizational units \(Business-Plan-Decomposition\)
>
> Taking each section of the Business Plan and :

* working out who should be the best person \(HOLON members\) delegated that section
* how it breaks down into scope \(what the section covers\)
* how it allocates to tasks \(or issues\)
* and how it can be transferred to open-source

Reference :

![](../.gitbook/assets/decomposition-of-the-nft-dao-business-plan.png)

| - | - |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Item** | Business-Plan-Decomposition |
| **Data** | [Project Board](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/projects/3), [Milestones](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/milestone/4) |
| **Action** | In Progress |
| **Dates** | April 14, 2021 |
| **HOLON** | Gov-HOLON, Troy, Stephen Rowan |

### NFT-DAO-Charter

> and finally the NFT-DAO-Charter

| - | - |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Item** | NFT-DAO-Charter |
| **Data** | [Project Board](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/projects/4), [Milestones](https://github.com/NFT-DAO/Governance-HOLON/milestone/3) |
| **Action** | In Progress |
| **Dates** | April 22, 2021 |
| **HOLON** | Gov-HOLON |

### How this will inform our reporting

> Maybe we don't need our reports then ? - [19.16](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=1156) - **Dan Verowski**, **Stephen Rowan**
>
> Hoping that this will inform our reporting.
>
> This is just the beginning, so we are still having teething problems with how people not used to GitHub use it and how to allocate work. But hopefully itâ€™s the beginning of quantifying what we are doing so when it comes to tokenization we have data available.

## Discussion

### Idea of Triaging Consensus Levels arose out of comments on the NFT-DAO Charter Issue - [20.03](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=1203) - **Troy Egan**

> HOLONs need to consider, for the AGILE/innovative stage of a project, what information do we need public/community consensus on and what tasks/actions to we need just HOLON consensus on. In an emergent process some of our tasks/actions can be slowed down by the process of community input we are committed to. Sometimes a lot of the community are not engaged or are just new.
>
> Started doing flowchart around :
>
> * onboarding process - how people/members come on Discord and engage
> * consensus - amongst new people/members
> * How are we triaging levels of engagement
>
> These factors also tie into our tokenization model.
>
> Do we need a communications HOLON that is keeping everyone on the same page? A HOLON that could triage what should be allocated to public/community consensus or what should be private. Also look at how contribution tokens are attached to a triaging model.
>
> Also look at what should be distributed/heterarchical and what should be hierarchical.

| - | - |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Item** | Triaging Consensus Levels |
| **Data** | -- |
| **Action** | In Progress |
| **Dates** | 14th April, 2021 |
| **HOLON** | Troy Egan |

Reference :

{% embed url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agile\_software\_development" caption="" %}

### Charles Hoskinson's Roadmap  - [24.23](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=1463) - **Stephen Rowan**

> We are currently a Plutocratic model and need to move to a Hybrid model.
>
> Source : "Also going to launch a research agenda to move from a Plutocratic model \(ADA's current status\) to a Hybrid model \(ADA plus Proof of Merit\). Proof of Merit is a very ill-defined concept - consequentially deliverable is closer to 2025 than 2021." \([Source](https://stephen-rowan.gitbook.io/nft-dao/governance/dao-models#some-musings-about-the-roadmap)\)

### Did Charles refer to Cardano and did he say "Autocracy" - [24.23](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=1554) - **Rich Kopcho**

> **Correction** : Stephen said "Autocracy" when Charles actually said "Plutocratic model" - \(apologies\). 
> 
> *Autocracy* = rule by one dictator / *Plutocracy* - rule by by people of great wealth or income.
>
> He was speaking tongue-in-cheek - **Stephen Rowan**
>
> He was speaking tongue-in-cheek, in that the Cardano projects have all started off from a point of centralised authority to get things done. But the aim of Cardano,  unlike other centralised authorities, is self-destructive, in that it aims to dissolve itself.

### Communication Discussion - [27.22](https://youtu.be/wnVupMQtjp4?t=1642) - **Rich Kopcho**, **Troy Egan**

> Did you mean communication to the outside world or inside the HOLON? -  **Rich Kopcho**

> I meant a Communication HOLON directed internally - **Troy Egan**

